README.md, before:

# 🌟 Vue Task - Portfolio

This is a Vue 3 project built with Vite. It serves as my personal portfolio featuring sections like Contact, Projects, and Credentials — all neatly organized with scoped components and clean design.

---

## 📁 Project Structure

```
src/
├── assets/              # Static images/icons (e.g., emoji.svg)
├── components/about/    # Subcomponents for the About page
├── composables/         # Custom composables like useApi.js
├── pages/               # Main page components (Home, About, Learn, 404)
├── router/              # Vue Router setup
├── App.vue              # Root component
└── main.js              # Entry point
```

---

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

- **Vue 3** + **Vite**
- Scoped CSS
- File-based Routing
- Composition API

---

## 🚀 Getting Started

### Clone the repository

```bash
git clone https://github.com/najiahyahya/portfolio.git
cd portfolio
```

### Install dependencies

```bash
npm install
```

### Start development server

```bash
npm run dev
```

---

## 📬 Pages

- `/` – HomePage
- `/about` – AboutPage with:
  - 📧 ContactSection.vue
  - 🧾 ProjectsSection.vue
  - 🎓 CredentialsSection.vue
- `/learn` – LearnPage.vue
- `/404` – Custom 404 Page

---

## 🧠 Features

- Light/dark mode support
- Modular structure
- Responsive layout
- Emoji-supported UI 😊

---

## 📦 Build for Production

```bash
npm run build
```

---

## 📄 License

MIT — feel free to use and improve!

Commit message:

Update README with live demo link

README.md, after:

# 🌟 Vue Task - Portfolio

🚀 **Live Demo:** [Click here to view the app](https://portfolio-git-main-najiahyahyas-projects.vercel.app/)

This is a Vue 3 project built with Vite. It serves as my personal portfolio featuring sections like Contact, Projects, and Credentials — all neatly organized with scoped components and clean design.

---

## 📁 Project Structure

```
src/
├── assets/              # Static images/icons (e.g., emoji.svg)
├── components/about/    # Subcomponents for the About page
├── composables/         # Custom composables like useApi.js
├── pages/               # Main page components (Home, About, Learn, 404)
├── router/              # Vue Router setup
├── App.vue              # Root component
└── main.js              # Entry point
```

---

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

- **Vue 3** + **Vite**
- Scoped CSS
- File-based Routing
- Composition API

---

## 🚀 Getting Started

### Clone the repository

```bash
git clone https://github.com/najiahyahya/portfolio.git
cd portfolio
```

### Install dependencies

```bash
npm install
```

### Start development server

```bash
npm run dev
```

---

## 📬 Pages

- `/` – HomePage
- `/about` – AboutPage with:
  - 📧 ContactSection.vue
  - 🧾 ProjectsSection.vue
  - 🎓 CredentialsSection.vue
- `/learn` – LearnPage.vue
- `/404` – Custom 404 Page

---

## 🧠 Features

- Light/dark mode support
- Modular structure
- Responsive layout
- Emoji-supported UI 😊

---

## 📦 Build for Production

```bash
npm run build
```

---

## 📄 License

MIT — feel free to use and improve!
